TEAM: Tianyue Ou tou3 Jianda Chen jchen242 Stefano Tusa stusa2 DESIGN It is easy to understand our program if one divideds our program into four parts, the first part is the main.cpp, which is given to us, it is responsible for taking input from users and outputing processed information to users. The next part is Chess.cpp/Chess.h, which are responsible for making a chess board and keep track of the user inputs. It is responsible for testing wheather the move reqested by the user is legal with functions such as make_move, which will also moves the pieces if the move is legal. Chess.cpp/Chess.h is also responsible for displaying the chess board to users with the overloaded operatior << and >>, which are also used to save and load a game from and to a text file. The third part is the Board.cpp/Board.h file. It is a class specific for the board, it serves as a helper class for Chess.cpp and specifically it handles functionalities concern with the board. For instance, it is responsible for checking if a path is clear for a piece to move with the function Valid_move. Lastly, the fourth part is the .cpp and .h files for each specific piece, which include King, Queen, Knight, Pawn, Bishop, Rook, and a Mystery Piece. These files overwrite functions to check if a move is legal for this specific piece. Furthermore, the board.cpp is used because it contians functions that relate specifically to the occupation of positions on the board and whether or not moves are legal. In fact, many of the functions in chess.cpp call functions in board.cpp to assure moves are valid and to check for stalemate/mate. In summary, the main.cpp contains the user interface for the game. This crease a new chess game "object" which includes functions that search for state of the game along with functions that make moves. Basically, the functions are related to how chess is played and its rules. However, these functions rely upon Board.cpp functions which basically contains information on the exact mechanics of chess. In a way, the functions in chess are more abstract. They tell you what moves can checking can be done, while Board.cpp functions actually do the manual checking. COMPLETENESS: it is a complete program to our knowledge